###

We all submitted our own seperate Challege 7 text file, but here is the rubric we decided on and our goals.

Rubric For the Challenge / Project

10 Points: GUI that allows the user to play Minesweeper
10 Points: Hint button that suggets a hint button
10 Points: Board Generation that always generates a board that can be solved without guessing
10 Points: Overall clean aesthetically pleasing project that is user friendly and easy to play

1. this will be a project that creates the game minesweeper and a bot that is written with an algorithm that can complete a game of minesweeper. 
 
 - board needs to be built

 - the goals for the board are as follows: we'd like for the board to be solvable without any guessing; that is, we should be able to deterministically
 solve the minesweeper game following a set of patterns and rules. The easiest way to do this is to build a bot that can solve Minesweeper by applying a
 set of patterns. So these two goals are deeply intertwined. (current progress: I (robby) have implemented a random board, but haven't implemented any rules
 that eliminate the possibilites of 9's and 8's).

- GUI [Matthew] [6 hrs]: I first tried to implement a web based env, but multiple problems came up so I have switched to working on a cpp native window instead of web based hosting for our game. 
    * work is in gui directory
    * this checked our idea of creating a gui for our game to be played. 
    * this challenge went great because it allowed us to focus on different parts of a project and learn develop our skills in working on a growing program with multiple people and not have a bunch of disorgaized files.  

Brett's Time Log
1 hour learning how to play minesweeper
5 hours developing the first stages of the bot
1 hour of lab organizing information between group members

Robby's Time Log
2.5 hours setting up CMake
2 hours developing Minefield struct and implementing methods
2 hours resolving conflicts, merging branches
1 hour writing documentation

Hien's Time Log
.5 hr learning minesweeper
4 hrs experimenting with an SFML for the GUI
1 hr debugging (unable to get it to work)
.5 hr editing documentation


