
--------------
Group Meetings
--------------

Date: March 26
Meeting Details: Started project with initial goals, different assignments were given to members, Robby would start 
with the board generation, Brett and Hien on the bot, and Matthew on the GUI.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien

Date: April 13
Meeting Details: Was the check in before our first progress report was due. Discussed mainly how we were using Cmake to compile 
our code, instead of a makefile. Everyone worked on their respective parts of the assignment and shared progress made so far.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien

Date: April 15
Meeting Details: In class work day, the main highlight was Matthew showing us his progress on the GUI where 
he determined that he was using Python’s Pygame.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien

Date: April 21
Meeting Details: Check in before progress report number two. The main highlight of this session was Robby explaining the 
challenges of the board generation and showing us how there has been extensive research done in order to try to 
solve the problem of creating a 100 percent solvable minesweeper board.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien

Date: April 26
Meeting Details: Group meeting to show progress, Robby had decided on the method he was going to choose to make the 
board, and Brett and Hien displayed their progress on the bot so far.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien

Date: April 30
Meeting Details: Made the slides for the presentation in class.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien

Date: May 4
Meeting Details: Working on a final push for the demo day. Working on polishing the bot and making the game playable.
Members there: Brett, Robby

Date: May 5
Meeting Details: Final push to complete the project. Last thing to do is link together the terminal version of the 
game, and GUI version together.
Members there: Brett, Robby, Matthew, Hien


---------------------
Individual Time Logs
---------------------

Brett
3/31 Started working on bot (3 hours) 
4/25 Started to implement different bot patterns (3 hours)
4/28 Got the B1 pattern working (5 hours)
4/29 Got the B2 pattern functional (5 hours)
5/4 Polishing the bot and working on other patterns (6 hours)
5/5 Working on finishing up the bot for compatibility with board generator and GUI (6 hours)

Total Hours: 28

Robby
3/31 Started research for board generation (3 hours)
4/15 Implemented square revealing in board (5 hours)
4/30 Added flagging implementation (4 hours)

Total Hours: 

Matthew
3/31 Started GUI research (4 hours)
4/15 Decided to use python’s Pygame and began learning basics (4 hours)
4/22 Got the board base in the GUI (4 hours)
4/28 Built a board that had numbers, bombs, and exited when a bomb was clicked(3 hours)
5/1  Worked on board generation that allowed board to be solvable, didn't get a working product (4 hours)
5/4  Added in the flag counter, flagging, and timer (3 hours)
5/5  Added flag image, board generation that opens board off of first click and opens multiple squares (6 hours)
Total Hours: 28 

Hien

Total Hours:

